PLT-634 Trace CLI args (#147)
input-output-hk/marconi: marconi-sidechain/doc/API.adoc

= HTTP API
:toc: left
:toclevels: 2

This document describes the HTTP API that end-users interact with in order to query the data indexed by `marconi-sidechain`.

== HTTP endpoints

In this application, the following HTTP endpoints/routes are available:

[%header%autowidth,format=csv]
|===
Route,Methods,ContentType
`/json-rpc`,`POST`,JSON
`/addresses`,`GET`,Text
`/metrics`,`GET`,Text
`/params`,`GET`,JSON
`/time`,`GET`,Text
|===

The `/json-rpc` endpoint responds to well-formed link:https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification[JSON-RPC version 2] requests.
The JSON-RPC methods that can be used are described <<_supported_json_rpc_methods,below>>.

The `/addresses` endpoint returns the list of target addresses represented as Bech32 text in a JSON string array.

> The `/metrics` endpoint returns metrics information as text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/metrics` endpoint returns Prometheus metrics for monitoring the runtime behavior.
```

Author: Thanks!
